Hi, my name is Sarah and welcome to a day
in the life of a software engineer.
Come on in.
So, I woke up at 5 today.
I already got my workout in, I took care
of my fur kids and gave them a little
love, but I officially can't start my
workday without a cup of coffee.
So, I make a cup of coffee.
A little over a decade.
My usual schedule is 8 to 4 and it's kind
of nice to be able to take a break here
and there to do anything that I need to
around the house or go to a store if I
need to.
So, the tasks that I perform on a daily
basis include updating my code if
somebody requested a change that I make.
Sometimes, I spend a lot of time replying
to emails if that's necessary.
I check in on my interns to see if they
need any help with anything.